[Music]
darling I received your letter after all
we've been to each other how can you ask
me to bug off you are my world at 150
times my length you are a veritable
planet to me next to you I feel as tiny
as a fly because I am a fly yes it is me
buzzing your face again
you call me Percy the pest but rather
I'm Percy the persistent the fly who
loves your face shall I count the
reasons why okay first I love your face
not just for your charming smile but for
its exposed skin I cannot know if I love
your arm tuck deep within its leaves but
I find face irresistible accessible
blending there I fall in love second I
love the breath that from my mistress
reeks that Shakespeare a very flag I do
not chew mints on my account here they
will not drive me away oh it is not
halitosis but the carbon dioxide you
exhale that draws me so long as you
breathe you can I think that you are an
oasis in the desert I am NOT being
poetic fly swum the desert the beach and
parched parking lots Oh like you we get
thirsty so we drink your sweat why not
your sweat teams with proteins and salts
and you are not using it down with waist
up with flies and darling I hate to see
you unhappy but if you must cry I will
drink your tears there now there are
tears of joy joy and having refreshed
the fly with us turning your symbol of
fade into a fountain of love isn't that
beautiful you know what else is
beautiful fresh skin I know you think so
you spend a fortune on scrubs and
exfoliants but forth I love to eat your
flaking skin cells they are munchy
flytrap chips
go ahead bat me away I will return and
even till I burst
that's why I bring my friends there is
so much of you to go around
I could never finish even one scab in a
lifetime for sweetness my life is short
that is one reason I can dodge your
fingers living but a few days I
experience time differently
unlike the seven dog years the one human
year formula scientists haven't worked
out fly time yet but suffice it to say
that well for humans time flies for
flies humans operate like romantic
movies in slow motion
you can never catch me okay that's what
it doesn't count don't brush this off as
a fly-by-night affair when I see your
lovely face refracted in my twelve
thousand eyes I have six thousand little
eyes and each of my two little simple
eyes I fall in love with every single
image it's easy for me to dodge your
sweating fingers I see you coming in all
twelve thousand directions if you sorrow
over having only two eyes think of this
you have two eyes in each image of your
face that is reflected in my twelve
thousand eyes meeting in my eyes you
have twenty four thousand eyes oh can
any other lover say that and my special
wings help you dodge around to flapping
up and down is fuzzy birds fly wings
flap forward and back change the pitch
or angle I para wet dive and dance and I
flap my wings hundreds of times per
second creating that buzzing sound it
drives you crazy
the feeling is mutual oh you saved me a
flock of peanut butter under your nail
darling thank you and why must I crawl
across your cheek because I have taste
receptors in my feet ah they help me
locate the most saturated sweaty spots
of your skin I don't have teeth so
before I eat I spit out a little bit
just the fluid just a little you don't
mind do you to soften up the flaky skin
or crumb a thirst I find on your chin
before I have a go at acting
you know the expression you catch more
flies with honey than vinegar
well you'd read my cousin's the fruit
flies bananas with your honey face wash
strawberries in the shampoo and sweet
perfume you cannot blame them they are
not alone that flowery perfume drives
bees who are not flies run crazy if I
told you that flies pollinate lots of
fruits and flowers just like bees would
you love us plus hey we never thing bye
Jess but never steam I won't sting Bush
flies like me have the soft fleshy
mouths of collagen injected movie stars
but my cousin Skeeter bites she can't
resist the warmth that you and a
warm-blooded with an accent on the blood
animals emanate so that's five some
flies love you for your hot sweet blood
and you're especially attractive in the
summer when more of your tender skin is
exposed yes darling
Skeeter is a mosquito but did you know
that mosquitoes are flies a fly or order
diptera
is a flying insect with of course six
legs and two pairs of wings when said
for flying and one kind of a knobby pair
that we use for balance I know that I am
NOT a first flight of love your face nor
do I expect to be your last dipteryx
suitor there is just one of you and so
many of me 30,000 species I personally
am a moose coveted to Seema sometimes
called a bush fly and I look a lot like
my cousin the housefly
you don't like him but he isn't
interested in you either he just eats
stuff around your house like fruit put
away the swatter
forget him live and let live i Percy the
persistent will never bite you I simply
seek the proteins the carbohydrates the
salts and sugars in your skin sweat and
tears but Skeeter want your blood for
her babies she's such a good mama it's
the only female mosquitoes who bite your
blood contains the proteins their
developing offspring require
ah it won't hurt Skeeter's proboscis is
delicate and her motherly touch so
gentle that should you be sleeping when
she sips your plasma she'll not wake you
though you may each later I know you'll
want to sleep in peace but we can leave
you alone at night because we only live
a few days therefore we are neither
nocturnal that is night active nor diono
active in the daytime but must rest feed
and fly around the clock look there at
the clock right there
compared to sleep there cousin morgen
the horse fly embarrasses me
Morgan shots you might even bleed he
might hurt it feels like Morgan has
teeth but he doesn't
Morgan has knife like lips that slash
your skin then he too slurps but he
leaves a mess the good news is horse
flies are not known to transmit disease
to humans I desire only your happiness
but if you don't really want to share
the few hours of my short life here is
how you can determine get one of those
cook hats so popular in Australia they
are essentially safari hat with dangly
corpse all around the brim the idea is
that the courts will swing and keep me
from your face they don't work but
darling
I'd love to see you in one it would look
so cute and I know it's just for me I am
NOT a fan of bugs bread hmm mostly
because if it's toxic enough to harm me
it could harm you or my darling I am
also not a fan of fans although my
cousin sandy enjoys surfing on the air
currents they Buffett smaller flies like
yours forever yours truly they will keep
me away if you really want to dissuade
me you could take a shower
what would a waste oh that lovely sweat
and thus load of cells down the drain it
makes me cry and who I asked you will
drink my tears please darling write me
back
only this time not on flypaper you
misunderstand his purpose
hey if you learned something new today
then give the video a like and share
with a friend and here are some other
cool videos I think you'll enjoy just
click to the left or right and remember
as that other guy says stay on the
bright side of life